DOC Add default health files (#67)
silverstripe/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Any open source product is only as good as the community behind it. You can participate by sharing code, ideas, or simply helping others. No matter what your skill level is, every contribution counts.

See our [high level overview](https://silverstripe.org/contributing-to-silverstripe) on silverstripe.org on how you can help out.

## Copyright

> **IMPORTANT: By supplying code to the SilverStripe core team in patches, tickets and pull requests, you agree to assign copyright of that code to SilverStripe Limited, on the condition that SilverStripe Limited releases that code under the BSD license.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT: By supplying code to the Silverstripe core team in issues and pull requests, you agree to assign copyright of that code to Silverstripe Limited, on the condition that Silverstripe Limited releases that code under the BSD license.**
```

Author: Updated

We ask for this so that the ownership in the license is clear and unambiguous, and so that community involvement doesn't stop us from being able to continue supporting these projects. By releasing this code under a permissive license, this copyright assignment won't prevent you from using the code in any way you see fit.

## Contributing code

Read the guide on [contributing code](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/contributing/code/).

## Reporting security issues

Please report security issues to [security@silverstripe.org](mailto:security@silverstripe.org) rather than raising a public facing github issue.

> For more infomation read about [reporting security issues](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/contributing/issues_and_bugs/#reporting-security-issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more infomation read about [reporting security issues](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/contributing/issues_and_bugs/#reporting-security-issues).
```
The other doc links omit the version number so makes sense to omit here too

Author: Updated
